(dark music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- [Male] Strong armed
robbery. murder. extortion.
attempted murder. trafficking. kidnapping.
and the list goes on.
Tell me about your involvement
in the organized crime
group known as The Council.
- The Council. huh?
Now I know y'all wondering
what's going on. right?
A bunch of poker faced niggers
riding together on a mission. right?
Niggers with attitude. right?
Now before shit gets real.
let me take you to the prequel
to eliminate all assumptions
before y'all start not liking me and shit.
- [Female] What y'all do to my brother?
(woman yelling)
- We are doing our best
to right this wrong. mam.
- You can't right this wrong. he dead.
he fucking dead.
- We are doing our best. mam.
- Hey fuck you.
That's my cousin. fuck you.
Get the fuck out of here with that.
- So could I have the badge numbers
of every officer that was here?
- Who the hell are you for?
- It was him. Officer Chaney
and his ass. Officer Cooper.
- Fuck you. you ugly black bitch.
- Bitch?
- [Cooper] Yeah. you heard me.
- Nah. nah.
a bitch is the faggot who
forgot to pull out your mom.
- What the fuck did you say?
What the fuck did you say?
- Forget about it.
- I'll be right here.
- See how they treat us?
They kill us and talk to
us like we ain't shit.
- Then they bring his ass over here
to try to calm us black bitches down.
- I think we're done here. okay. pal?
- Not quite. not quite at all.
- And you.
you might think about how
you speak to a policeman.
- Okay. master. okay I will.
but who's gonna watch how
y'all talk to our black women?
- Our lives.
- Your laws
- Our lives
- You take
- Our streets
- Ain't safe
- You shoot
- We fall
- Our lives
- Your laws
- You take
- Our streets
- Ain't safe
- You shoot
- We fall
- Our lives
- Your laws
- Looks like more black blood
shed in these streets. huh?
- I don't know. you tell me Deacon.
The only time y'all come
out here. protesting
is when the police shoot and kill our own.
- We're coming to see
that justice be served on all ground.
- So what about the justice
for that ballplayer. Kendall Walker
that was shot by the Seven Fives?
I know you know all about that.
Or Keisha Miller. that little
girl that was shot on 89th.
If I'm not mistaken. you live on 87th
and you said support. right?
So you're telling me that Code Black
is taking care of all expenses. right?
Thought so.
And I don't get it.
y'all come out here breaking your necks
for a false image in front of the media?
You don't care about the community.
But you know what?
The news crew just arrived.
That's what you've been
waiting for. right?
I don't want to be in
your spotlight. black man.
- My only brother Messiah.
he didn't even do shit.
- Everything is gonna be okay.
all right. just trust me.
- He dead. Messiah. that shit not okay.
They treat us like we ain't shit. man.
- Justice. I assure you. will be served.
(sirens blaring)
(ominous music)
- You really ready for this shit?
You know once shit cracking.
ain't no turning back?
- Yeah. do I look like I'm ready?
- No.
(ominous music)
(audience clapping)
- [Female] Dora
- I dropped my teddy and
he picked it up for me.
- I'm so sorry. sir.
- No worries. mam. beautiful daughter.
- Thank you.
Come on. Dora.
- Thank you. mister.
- I want to thank you all
for coming out for the
Edgewood Treemont Elementary
School graduation ceremony.
(audience applauding)
Before we get started.
I would like to welcome
and to bring onto the stage
to lead us in our pledge of allegiance.
a great friend of mine
and a Treemont Bulldog.
(barking)
My very great friend.
Detective Ronald Cheney.
Come on. Detective Ron.
(audience applause)
- Thank you.
I really appreciate this opportunity.
As an officer of the law.
we spend a great deal in
the headlines of the news.
We risk our lives every day
to protect and to serve.
And I just want to thank you all
for granting me the opportunity
to say our pledge of allegiance.
If you'll please stand.
- [All] I pledge allegiance to the flag
of the United States of America.
And to the Republic. for which it stands.
one nation. under God
♪ Bingo was his name-o ♪
♪ B-I-N-G-O ♪
♪ And Bingo was his name-o ♪
(gunfire blasting)
(people yelling)
(ominous music)
- Hey.
(gunfire blasting)
(dramatic music)
- Pick!
- Okay. okay. okay.
- [Male] Look at it.
You see your card?
- Yes. I see it.
- [Male] Put it back in there.
Put it back in there. come on.
- Okay. okay.
- [Male] Hurry up.
This your card?
- No.
- Ah shit. fuck it.
- Don't kill me.
- Give me your wallet.
Come on. come on!
- Okay. all right just take it all right?
- [Khalid] No take your
fucking ID. hurry up.
- Okay.
- Hurry up.
- Be blessed brother.
(laughing)
What the fuck. man?
- Get his gun.
(grunting)
Fucking crazy?
(laughing)
- So this is the good Samaritan
that almost caught the killer?
I'm Detective Griffin
and this is my partner. Detective Cooper.
- Do you mind if we ask
you a few questions?
- No.
- Have we met before?
'Cause you looked really familiar.
- I don't know.
- Did you get a good
look at the guy or what?
- Did I even say if I
minded or if I didn't mind
you guys asking me questions?
- Who gives a shit what
you mind or don't mind?
You're nobody. okay?
I need to know. did
you see the guy or not?
- Not quite.
I don't know.
Maybe he was white.
- Oh maybe. huh?
What are you fucking slow or something?
You got to hit that hard with the gun.
is that what you're telling me?
- Apparently.
- Well how 'bout another one?
- Okay. I got.
- Well then fucking get it.
This is fucking bullshit.
- Are we done?
- Yeah. we're done here.
We just wanted to ask you a few questions.
I mean the other witness there
said it was a white guy. too.
- Messiah. Messiah you all right?
You didn't talk to the
media or anything. right?
- I'm sorry.
And you are?
- I'm Michael Douglass III.
I represent this heroic gentlemen.
And you are?
- Detective Griffin. LAPD.
- Okay. well is my client a suspect?
- No.
- Exactly. so I'm trying to figure out
why is he being questioned?
- And how do you know
we're questioning him?
- Well. I know you're not here
to simply thank him for
putting his life on the line.
Now my job is to protect
the wellbeing of my client
and make sure he doesn't
answer any questions
or be interviewed by anybody.
especially knowing that the killer
is out there on the loose.
- We're just doing our job.
- And I am trying to do mine.
Now do you mind?
- If you can remember anything else
that might help us find who
did this. give me a call.
Good day. gentlemen.
- We need to get up out of here.
You understand what I'm saying?
- Yeah. black dress shit.
black pants. black shoes.
- What about him?
He owe us a bill?
- Yeah.
- I'm on it.
Come on. let's get up out of here.
- [Interviewer] So you were the muscle.
- I'm a lawyer.
Listen. where I come from
chaos was the law of nature.
I take it as though you don't
know anything about that.
(laughing)
Order was the dream of us.
We can't expect
for people to have any
respect for law and order
until we teach those we have entrusted
to enforce those laws.
- [Interviewer] Is that so?
- Order is power.
With such power comes
great responsibilities.
Mr. Dupree.
- [Dupree] What's going on?
- Have a seat. man.
- No. but I'mma get straight to it.
The organization I represent.
we trying to clean up
the community. Dupree.
- What the fuck that
gotta do with me. man?
- We need you to stop
serving in the community.
- Man. I'm not about to stop serving shit.
I feel highly disrespected
that you even think you
got the balls enough
to come to my office talking like that.
- And that's your word?
- Yeah. that's my motherfucking word.
- Feelings. man. get
outta your feelings. man.
It's nothing personal.
It's for the betterment of the community.
- Nah. fuck the community.
Fuck the organization
and fuck you too. man.
Now you run and tell Messiah
I said I'm not stop serving shit.
Get the fuck up out of my office.
- Okay. Dupree.
We'll keep in touch. brother.
- No. you ain't about
to touch shit either.
Get the fuck up outta here. man.
You hear this mother fucker?
- It's not only a black thing.
It's a Latino thing as well.
Chanel. get off your phone.
If you're a minority in this
world. determines for you.
History reflects our present
and our present determines our future.
Go ahead Robert.
- Mr. Messiah. so why is
history repeating itself
when it comes to oppression?
We don't have a choice.
- Yes we do. we certainly have a choice.
History only repeats itself
if we allow it to.
See everybody in this room.
y'all have the power to change the world.
- [Male] You sound like a fitness coach.
- Look guys. stop laughing. I'm serious.
Look at it like this.
our oppressors created a formula
to make us think and believe
we don't have the power to
change the world and we do.
The power is in you.
Go ahead. Marcus.
- I don't see how though.
Like we born monsters
in a society that don't want us to win.
- Stand up and say that
one more time to the class.
- I mean. I feel like
we born in society yet
that want us to fail.
- That's what they want us to believe.
And we're not born monsters.
Circumstances. poverty and pain
turns us into that monster.
(bell ringing)
Class dismissed.
(heavy breathing)
(ominous music)
- Bam. bam. in yo face.
(laughing)
You know you can never be faster
than your big sis. little bro.
- I know that now.
- You want to go again?
- No. show me that card
trick you be doing.
- Why. so you can show
your little girlfriend?
- Ah come on. I ain't gonna
be showing nobody nothing.
- Mmhmm. I know you be trying
to impress them little girls.
- Yeah whatever. come on. just show me.
- All right. all right. all right.
Okay. so pick a card.
All right. you got it?
- Yeah.
- Okay. put it back.
Boy. I ain't trying to look at your card.
- [Tony] Got to be sure.
- All right. you ready?
- Yeah.
- Bam. is that your card?
- Just like that.
(pounding on door)
Hold on. I'll be right back.
- God damn. girl. it took
your ass long enough.
- Well hello.
- Shit. make me a drink.
Hey little nigger.
Go to the store and get me an eight ball.
Hey. hey. make sure you bring
my change back. your ass.
(dramatic music)
(phone buzzing)
- [Messiah] Hey. what's
happening. Council?
I'm 'bout to pull up right now.
- All right.
(cool music)
- An undercover cop. Khalid?
In front of his children?
- The same way he murdered
Christopher Walker
in front of his family and children.
but I don't see you too
concerned about that. now do I?
- You know. you can't keep this up right?
This whole. I take the
law into my own hands?
"If my people who are called by my name
will humble themselves.
pray and seek my face-"
- "Put on the armor of God
so that you may take a stand
against the devil's scheme.
for our struggle is not
against flesh and blood.
but against the rulers and authorities
in the powers in this dark world."
Don't play that game with me. Mark.
I know the same Bible you know.
- So when is enough enough?
- Enough is enough when y'all
stop playing these people.
when all your segregated
pastors come together
and really do for the community.
Don't get mad. man
'cause I'm just doing
what y'all afraid to do.
Stop preaching that bullshit-
- Don't cuss in this church.
You off all people know.
don't get confused and think
because they afraid of you out there
that I'm afraid of you up in here.
- I just so happened to be
in the neighborhood. man.
just wanted to check on you.
make sure you was good. that's all. man.
I think one of your members here. man.
you can pray for her though.
- Celeste?
Celeste. what's going on?
- Pastor. I'm sorry to bother you.
- What's going on?
- Oh my God.
Come on. come on. come on.
have a seat. have a seat.
Celeste. what's going on?
Talk to me.
- Calvin. I mean. my ex-boyfriend.
well. we got into a really bad argument
and he stabbed me
and he pistol whipped me.
- Did you tell the police?
- I did. but they wasn't
trying to help me.
They was in the station laughing at me
and one asked me how much for a quickie?
- This dude you're
talking about. he a pimp?
- Yeah.
- What you know about a dude
named Calvin over there
pimping off Western?
- She talking about Tiny
Mouse and Six Deuce.
I went to school with him.
Pierre might know a little more though.
- Let's go see Pierre. then.
- Khalid. bruh. don't man.
Me and you both know how this ends.
- Yeah. we damn sure do know
how it ends. it ends here.
Because if we don't protect
our people and land.
who else will?
'Cause it damn sure ain't the church.
- Messiah.
I want to talk to you about something.
I know about what it is you guys do.
the Council.
I know about Ron Chaney. the drug dealers.
I even know what it is
you really teaching up
in this history class
and how you the mind of the community.
But using Lucren as a distraction. mmm.
now you see this that's
some gangster shit.
- How much you want. huh?
- I don't want your money.
- Then what is it you want. sister?
- I was there.
I was there the night the police
shot and killed Christopher Walker.
I seen the police officer who did it
and I watched them taunt. laugh
and treat us like we ain't shit.
- So what is it you want?
You want revenge?
- I want in.
Whoever pursues righteousness and love
finds life and prosperity.
- Do you feel like what
we're doing right now
and how we operate is righteousness?
- Yes.
- Why?
- Because it's a necessary.
- Can I ask you something. comrade?
- Yeah.
- Do you believe in the absence of hope?
- Only when the belief
for hope isn't present.
- And do you believe we that hope?
- Do you?
Let's move.
- [Interviewer] You know.
for a seemingly intelligent
self-educated person.
you really don't say much. do you?
- Nah. that's very observant.
The quiet one in the room
make more noise than a motor mouse.
And plus. just ain't
got much to say to you.
- [Male] Let's get to it then.
How'd you become involved
with the Council?
- Now y'all know I ain't finna had y'all
come down here to my spot for no bullshit.
I know what y'all trying to get going.
I figure I turned y'all on
to one of the little homies from the hood.
- He used to be super
turnt up and banged out.
and now he finna get put
off the hood. though.
(crosstalk)
What is y'all waiting on?
Get that little nigger.
(grunting)
- So what you think?
- [Messiah] Papa Rugazzi.
- Hey Messiah. there he is.
My boy. come over here.
How you doin'?
- [Messiah] All right. good to see you.
- Good. have a seat.
- Serge. como estas?
- Bien. bien. y ustead?
- Estoy muy bien.
- So tell me Messiah. how's business?
- Business is well.
Everything's going good so far.
- No problems?
- Not at all. nothing I can't handle.
I just basically wanted
to set this meeting up
to ask you guys something.
Longevity. how do we maintain longevity
in this field of work?
- To maintain longevity. Messiah.
you have to have alliances.
But they have to be good
alliances from the right people.
- How do you know who to trust.
who's fake. who's real?
New and old clients.
in and out. in and out.
How do we know who the right people are?
- Are you a religious man?
Do believe in God?
- Yes.
- The spirit of discernment.
Longevity comes with great
wisdom and acceptance.
You have to accept that
you're not gonna live forever.
You have to accept that the
show won't go on forever.
Every second. every minute.
every hour. every day.
everything counts.
- You see the problem.
Messiah. with the blacks.
they're too flashy. they're big braggers.
They love to be in that spotlight.
But the problem is that
spotlight draws attention
and attention is bad for business.
Do you understand?
- An off duty cop. too much
attention. too much noise.
Sure. you may have
whacked off some bad cop.
How is that changing your community?
- Messiah. you want to
restore the community.
you have to restore order and
instill fear in the people.
- See. I don't know about that.
Does it have to be that deep?
For instance. what if I'd rather be loved
than feared by the people?
(laughing)
- Love. love?
I can't believe it. love?
Let me tell you something.
Love got Dr. King killed.
What did it do for Malcolm X?
Even your father was loved.
And what happened to them?
Let me set the record straight.
love in this business will get you killed.
You want to stop those punks
from running around in your community?
You have to set an example.
You have to draw a line.
When they see that line
and if they cross it.
there will be hell to pay.
They must know that.
And if they're not afraid of hell.
they'll send (speaking
in foreign language)
keep your friends close
but your enemies closer.
Entiendes?
- Entiendo.
(audience applause)
- When we talk about
reaching out to the community
and touching the people.
we have to be hands on.
and I mean hands on.
The reason why the system
doesn't care about the people
is because we don't care about the people.
Our history is a reflection of the present
and a preview of the future.
When we lost the head
of the family. we lost.
(cheering)
but hold on now.
just as they enslaved
and exploited our worth
during the old days of slavery.
they will continue to
enslave and exploit our worth
unless we make a change.
(cheering)
How did I do?
- I gotta be honest with
you. man. you did well.
Like for real. you killed it up there.
The whole time I was watching
you take over the stage.
I'm just like how does he
retain so much information
and remember it so well?
What you displayed. that's
how you take over a room.
- Hey man. majoring in
criminal justice and philosophy
will help you memorize anything.
Plus I learned from the best. huh?
- Nah. Lucren. you got it my brother.
See. all you need to do now
is keep seeking knowledge.
Check this out.
Someone wise man once told me
a disciple is one who seeks knowledge.
an apostle is someone who
applies that knowledge.
- What made you so passionate
about bringing about
change in the community?
- Man. I look at it like this.
if our oppressors went through
so much of a great deal
to create this master plan
so our people won't progress.
what is it about us that
scares them so much?
- Exactly.
- See my brother.
I'm gonna find that key
and I'm gonna unlock and
crack every code to it.
- That's what I'm saying. my brother.
We can crack the code together
and turn some serious shit around.
That's why I wish you would come up here
and speak with me. man.
- Nah. that's not my thing.
Maybe one day. but not right now.
- If you say so. man. if you say so.
- But look man. I do have
to prepare for class.
So you know. I had to come
and check you out. man.
Everything you're doing is growing.
- I appreciate it.
- I appreciate it. brother.
- You gonna come help me
prep for the next meeting?
- Yeah. definitely. just let me know.
- Looking forward to it.
- Alright brother. I'll see you.
- Take care.
- Keep doing your thing.
- Oh hey. hey. hey. hey. relax.
- Slow and easy.
Slow and easy.
Let's get this shit over with.
Get it the fuck over with.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa hold on.
I didn't do anything wrong. okay?
I don't know what you guys think I did
but I didn't.
What the hell do you guys want?
- Answers.
It's been a while since the incident
and you still haven't
went to the police yet.
- Wait a second.
Wait. wait. I saw you
down at the crime scene
talking to the guy who tried to stop him.
What the hell is going on here?
- Something bigger than you.
And I'm gonna ask you one last time.
why haven't you went to the police
and why did you tell them
that the killer was white?
- Because the police are just as crooked
as the criminals on the street.
And to be honest with you.
that son of a bitch got
exactly what he deserved.
- I beg your pardon?
- Officer Chaney. he raped me.
He was as guilty as
anybody he ever locked up.
- So what were you doing down there?
- I was investigating.
I'm a reporter. I work-
- Fuck this. man.
He know too fucking much. man.
He know too much man.
- Take it easy. all right?
Look. I don't know why you
killed him and I don't care.
All right. the truth is I
was looking into him myself
to put him away.
Even if I did come forward
with all the dirt I had on him.
it would only made me a target.
I'd probably be dead too.
- So why didn't you identify the shooter?
- 'Cause I know he had good reason
for killing that piece of shit.
'Cause if he didn't. any
CI could identify him.
he would have killed me too.
- Hold up.
I saved you this time. Tommy boy.
- Who in the hell are you guys?
- Just a few good Samaritans
attempting to clean up our community.
- Okay. maybe I can help you.
- We don't need your fucking help.
- Just listen to me. all right?
I've got information.
I've got resources.
I've got leads.
I spent my entire career
looking into the corruption of the city.
All right. just give you a chance
to show you what I've put together. okay?
- Okay. get to it.
- All right.
- Slow and easy. God damn it.
- Wow. you got enough information here
to take down the whole police force.
I'm not understanding.
Why not turn this in?
- Turn it in to who?
Besides even with half
these guys off the street.
your community is still
overrun with crime.
My goal here is to
eliminate it permanently.
- That's a big goal.
- Yeah. it is.
- I tell you what. we'll keep in touch.
- Well wait. hey.
let me at least show you what I've got on-
- Must be a dangerous
job being a reporter.
You got to take this
piece of shit with you
to empty your trash.
- [Tommy] Yeah. it's a
dangerous neighborhood.
I'm sure you know that better than anyone.
- I do. smart ass.
(dramatic music)
- Brothers. brothers. brothers.
big. big business to tackle and handle.
Hey Mike. you take care of
that bill from the situation?
- Yeah and no.
- What's that mean?
- That situation is interesting.
It might be something
you want to look into.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah.
- How you feel?
- I really don't trust his white ass
but I I mean. hey. we'll see.
I'll say check it out though.
There's this nigger named Tiny Mouse
over there pimping off Western.
female came into church the other day.
pistol whipped the shit out of her.
- So how do you want to deal with it?
- To eradicate the wild behavior.
The slaves back in the early 1900's.
the slave masters would mortify
the primarily killer slaves
in front of everybody
to install fear in them.
You want to eradicate something?
Mortify it in front of the mimics
and the mimics gonna vanish.
- That shit sound like my
type of work right there.
- [Male] Yeah but look.
that would be a huge risk we take.
- The key is to be organized. not sloppy.
calculated. not predictable.
We see and know what's coming. they don't.
And the element of surprise.
it's one of the key arts of war.
- So what about Dupree?
- Dupree's having a
little '80s party tonight.
So. I made some plans.
Thought we'd just stopped
by for a little second.
- '80s. huh?
I need a new hairstyle anyway.
Hey doc. you know how to pop lock?
(hip music)
- [Celeste] Want to be
my candy man. sexy daddy?
(hip music)
- [Male] Let's have a toast.
- Yeah. and what the fuck you want?
- [Male] I want to see Dupree. man.
- Yeah. and?
Make a mother fucking appointment.
(gunfire blasting)
Ah shit. fuck!
They shot me in my shin.
Dupree!
- [Male] That shit you was
talking the other day. Dupree.
- Man. who in the fuck do
y'all think that you are. man?
Man. what the fuck?
- Prize. sufuckingprise.
Tucan. put that fucking gun down.
You ain't gonna do nothing with it.
- Man what the fuck is y'all want. man?
- It's simple.
We want you out the hood and out for good.
Look at you.
getting high off your own shit.
You mother fuckers make rules
that you can't even follow.
Man. take his money.
- What you mean take my money?
Take my shit?
Hold on. man.
- Listen to me carefully.
I don't want to see you
around here ever again.
Nod your head that you understand.
Now this. this right here is
our final warning. Dupree.
Let's go.
- What the fuck. man?
Y'all just gonna take my shit like that?
Fuck!
See this shit. man?
- Have you ever heard of the term
your first impression
is your last impression?
- I'm familiar with it.
- I see you don't follow
directions very well.
- Look. I'm dressed exactly as you asked.
- You're late.
Look one thing about me.
do not waste my time.
Take out your phone.
plug in your earphones.
look at your phone while you talk to me.
- Smart. she's at the
back of the crime scene
playing the good samaritan.
As long as you were seen
trying to stop the bad guy.
nobody connects you to it.
Smart.
- I see you're very observant.
- I want in.
- That's out.
- You don't trust me.
all right. I get that.
And the truth is that you never will.
not till you give me a
chance to show you who I am.
- White boy like you
want to help a bunch of
radical niggers like us.
I don't get it.
What's in it for you?
- Peace.
I want to help bring it back
to the communities that
we turned our backs on
and left to decay while
profiting off of her decades.
to prove to you that not all
us white boys are the same.
I want the same things that you do
and just cause I can't shoot a gun
and I'm not skilled in those areas.
it doesn't mean I'm not
skilled than others.
Right. there've got to be ways
that don't involve killing.
- I don't know. you told me white man.
Is it?
'Cause that's the same thing
we've been asking you guys
for over 400 years now.
This right here will help
you answer your question.
- The gentlemen over here
asked me to give this to you
and he paid for your drink.
- What gentlemen?
- Him over. well he was over there.
(sexy music)
- Some people regard the blue rose
as an exhibition of inner
feelings of love at first sight.
Some see it as a symbol of
prosperity and immortality.
- And what do you see it as?
- Can I have a drink with you?
- You already sitting.
- So what's your angle. sister?
- Oh right to it. huh?
Well what's your angle. my brother?
- Me?
Just a city boy with inner city dreams
of changing my community
and making it safe. so-
- So you from South Central?
- Hell yeah. from the West
side right off Crenshaw Sloss.
born and raised.
- Oh okay. I hear you. cuz.
don't get all gangster on me.
- What's your story?
- Just a girl from the East side
on a mission to change. my brother.
- That's right.
So how long you've been down with Messiah?
- Been wrecking with
Messiah for some years now.
That's my guy right there.
About to shake the city
up and change LA forever.
Gotta make society safe
for our children to live in. you know?
We pray for change so much
yet we're so distracted
we don't see the means for change
right in front of our face.
- Oh so you got a big
appetite for change. huh?
- That ain't the only thing
I got an appetite for.
(sexy music)
♪ Save it just for last
let your boy massage you ♪
♪ You know what turns me on
'cause you've done it right ♪
♪ Of all the niggers on here
I'm the one that caught you ♪
♪ I'm the one that caught you ♪
♪ You know I'm from the
hood let me slip and slide ♪
♪ We went to the stall
and slip and sliding ♪
♪ Baby look into my eyes
when you're riding ♪
♪ I know you're vibing ♪
♪ One step shot ♪
♪ Feels so good ♪
♪ I can tell you're vibing ♪
♪ I'm also winning and I'm also hiding ♪
♪ Her speaking fast is off the charts ♪
- Hey man. hey I know you hear
what I just now said. man.
The night is over. man.
I'm trying to go to sleep.
I don't want to listen to nobody.
- [Female] 21. six.
- [Messiah] This mother fucker.
- [Girl] Daddy.
- Come on. Messiah.
don't do this shit. man.
Come on. man. please
man. don't do this shit.
- [Messiah] Why not. huh?
Didn't we warn you?
See you real hard headed. Dupree.
- Hey Sharice!
- We'll worry about your wife.
She's back there getting
entertained by pretty Tony.
- Come on Messiah. man.
don't do this shit. man.
come on. man.
- Oh okay. so you can
beg. but you can't listen.
And you think it's okay to poison and feed
everybody else's kids this shit
but when we try to feed
your kid the same shit.
oh it's a problem.
I'm ashamed of you. Dupree. I really am.
This is the same shit
that poisoned our fathers back in the day
and you still want to push this shit.
- Come on brother. please. man.
Don't do that shit. man.
- Bruh.
you must be Kane and I must be Able. huh?
Killing your own people.
no. you no brother of mine.
Now. not tomorrow. not
days from now. but tonight.
and when I say tonight. motherfucker.
you should've been packing yesterday.
- [Dupree] What the fuck is this. man?
- I want you gone. Dupree.
I want you out of the
city. out of the state
and out of the country.
- Hey man. Big Gears ain't
gonna go for this shit. man.
- Look. if I see you again.
Dupree. I'm gonna kill
your ass my damn self.
- Why the mask?
- To give his kids the same nightmare
he's been given the community.
- Where your mask. Tom?
- I'm wearing it.
- I sense an emptiness in Khalid.
one I've never seen before.
It's like his spirit was
always walking in darkness.
- [Interviewer] And when
did he lose it completely?
- Lose it?
Lose what?
How could you lose
something you never had?
- Hey. what's up sis?
How you doing?
Good. got some stuff for you.
Got some canned goods for you.
got some cranberries.
favorite candy. favorite
chips and all that.
Got some nail polish.
And guess what?
You know your favorite
song you used to sing to
when I was little?
I even got that shit on your phone too
so you can sing to it.
Get what else I got?
I got a surprise for you.
(laughing)
- Hey. she got a date tonight.
They ain't got Netflix.
so I guess they gonna bum and chill.
I never seen two bums
have a picnic on concrete.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa-
- Look motherfucker. if I
ever catch you around here.
look at me. mother fucker.
when I'm talking to you.
I better not ever see you
around this motherfucker again.
you hear me?
Just nod your motherfucking hand slow.
Do you understand me?
Get the fuck outta here.
Get the fuck outta here. man.
I'm sorry about that shit. sis.
You ain't gotta worry about
that little mother fucker
fucking with you no more.
I tell you what though.
you ain't gonna be able to
beat me in speed. of course.
I got something for you.
I'm gonna show you I've been practicing.
Show you I've been practicing.
(chill music)
- How's it going. man?
- Not too bad.
- It's cold out here.
Hey you want a hit of this?
- No. thank you.
- All right.
Hey. did you know this guy?
- You can say that.
- Really?
I didn't know he had any
friends who were niggers.
Now. I knew he had a nigger pat or two
but no nigger friends.
- You'd be surprised about what you find
behind the hillbillies trailer park.
- Oh. you got some you
want to say to me. boy?
- I just said it.
You know it's a real
shame why they killed him.
- Yeah. it's tragic.
You know it's very unfortunate
whenever an innocent
officer's blood is shed.
- Unfortunate. huh?
If you need any representation.
any representation at all.
give me a call.
- I think I'm good.
- Oh that's right.
you got all the
representation you need. huh?
- Okay. good day detective.
we'll keep in touch.
- [Male] Hello?
- Yeah. what's up?
- [Male] Who the fuck is this?
- It's me. Cooper. motherfucker.
- [Male] You got a fucking appointment?
- No. no. no bullshit. I want to see her.
- [Male] Excuse me. brother. excuse me.
Bro. you got to try my homemade nachos.
- Seriously?
- [Lucren] I told you I was
going to bring them by. man.
- [Messiah] Okay. all right.
- Yeah. get some of that meat on there.
I told you!
I told you they was fire. man.
- Khalid. you gotta try
some of these nachos.
- No. no. I'm good brother.
you knock yourself out.
I'm good.
- You gotta tell me what did
you use to season the chicken?
- Sorry brother. can't tell you that.
It's a family secret.
If told you. I'd have to kill you.
- Look. look. look at all of us here.
We're like family.
What did you use?
- Okay man. look.
the trick is I use lemon
pepper. garlic butter.
and I marinate the meat
in lemon and lime juice.
- Mmm.
- Just that easy. huh?
- Excuse me?
- Well. I thought you said
it was a family secret.
- It was.
- Well if it was a family secret
that wasn't supposed to be told.
why did you tell him?
What you staring at?
- Nothing. nothing. I'm
sorry. I was just looking.
- Just looking'll get you clip
and looking too. too hard my brother
will get you one of these.
Don't watch me. watch your step.
So you tell all secrets under
pressure this fast brother?
- Don't even worry about him. okay.
Did you and Caira take
care of those reports
from the comedian yesterday?
- We're actually supposed to
be linking up this evening
to get 'em done.
You know. she's kind of tough to work with
'cause of her schedule.
but we're most certainly
connecting this evening
to get it in.
- Yeah.
- I'm sorry. and who are you again?
- I'm the street sweeper.
I keep the streets clean.
- You from around here?
- Born and raised.
- Yeah. what parts?
- [Luke] Pick a card. brother.
- Luke.
- No. it's cool.
I like games.
- You got your card?
- Yeah.
- You see it?
Let me ask you brother.
you familiar with the term
never sleep where you piss at?
So you and Caira.
you two fucking each other or what?
- That's none of your damn business.
- Making sure that your focus
is on business and not pussy.
that's all.
- [Lucren] Who the hell is this guy?
- Luke. I'm sorry. brother.
Please forgive me.
but we will talk soon then. all right?
- [Lucren] Yeah.
- Thank you for the nachos.
- [Lucren] No worries. man.
- It was nice to meet you. Luke.
- I'm sorry about what happened earlier.
I didn't mean no harm by it.
I'm sorry brother.
Sorry about that.
- It's cool.
- He a snake and I don't trust him.
- How the fuck you know. huh?
Every time. Khalid. I'm
telling. you always do this.
- Let me tell you something. Messiah.
When a dog does wrong.
it'll keep his head down at all times.
But a snake.
a snake will look in your
eye every single time.
Watch the company you keep
and stop trusting everybody.
I mean hell even your
teeth bite your tongue
every once in a while.
- Celeste. this bitch got me fucked up.
What the fuck got all your attention?
You daydreaming again. huh?
Beauty school?
Cut that shit out.
You got a fucking appointment.
- With who?
- Bitch. what you mean with who?
Stand the fuck up when I'm talking to you.
You ever question me again.
I'll kill your motherfucking ass.
The officer want to see you.
- Please. Mouse. don't send me to him.
Please. anybody but him.
please baby come on.
I'll do anything please-
- Baby?
I thought I was the only
one who could call you baby.
- So you really don't want to go?
- No please.
- Okay. okay.
It's okay.
(grunting)
You gonna go wherever the
fuck I tell you to go.
Now head to the car before
this be another situation.
Scram!
- I told you we just need a few weeks
for the checks to clear
and get the books straight-
- Look at my sexy daddy
all in business mode.
I figured you were hungry
so I brought you some food.
- You figured wrong.
We doing pop ups now?
- Excuse me?
Look. Caira. I know the
crack the other night
was cool and all
but that's all it was. okay?
Fun.
We fell into the moment and that's that.
I'm not looking for a soul mate.
- Me neither. nigger. I just
brought your ass some food.
that's it. that's all.
- Look. don't get all colored girl on me.
I didn't ask for the food
or for you to show up.
but I am asking for you to
leave so I can finish my work.
(laughs)
- Fo sho.
- Hey. how's my baby?
Mmm. you smell good.
You miss me?
- Put the money on the table first.
- What's that?
Say that again.
- Put the money on the table.
- Oh. put the money on the table. sir.
Isn't that what you meant to say?
How many times have I told
you how to address me?
Huh. let me hear you say it.
Hold on. I got it.
why don't I just have you
start calling me master?
You'll like that. that's
easy for you to remember.
Come on. let me hear it.
- Put the money on the table. sir.
- See baby that wasn't so hard. huh?
Come on. we're gonna have fun.
You won't believe the fucking day I had.
Baby. come on. do that thing you do to me.
Come here baby. sit on me.
Come on. come on.
- I know that that mother fucking Cooper
shot Christopher Walker too.
He shot first.
- It'll be handled.
- Yeah. when?
- As soon as we get
everything done with the rest.
Come on. y'all know this.
first thing is first.
- Yeah. see the only thing about that.
the spot that you want it in.
that's Big Gears and Key Way territory.
- Man. fuck their territory.
They don't need to be serving that shit
over there in front of them kids no way.
All that bullshit
prostitution. dope dealing.
drug spots. dispensaries.
all that shit is out.
they don't need to be over
there in the first place.
- Now it's just a matter of explaining it.
- For what?
- Ain't shit to explain.
either relocate or else.
- That part right there.
That part right there.
- You know what doc.
you been hanging around
Khalid a little too much.
There's different ways to
handle situations like this.
You know what?
I'll go talk to him.
- And I'll go with you.
- Look Khalid.
there don't need to be no bloodshed.
Right now. we don't
need a war on our hands.
It's already bad enough
we got this damn detective
around following us and shit.
- Look. man. I'mma go.
I ain't gonna do shit.
I'mma be cool when I go.
- Oh. you gonna be cool?
You're gonna be cool?
- Come on. man. look.
I'mma be cool. I promise.
Fuck it man. look.
I won't even take my
gun with me this time.
but let me tell you
something though Messiah.
watch out Mike.
being all cool and diplomatic and shit
that ain't gonna get you nowhere. man.
We don't understand that shit.
Sometimes violence is the
only thing we understand.
You listening to what I'm saying. Messiah?
Sometimes that's all we know.
All we know.
- You liked that. didn't you baby?
You didn't know a white boy
could fuck like that. did you?
Yeah. well you had me motivated.
I'll tell you what.
I will be penciling you in tonight.
- [Celeste] No you won't.
- Why is that?
- 'Cause I'm done.
I'm fucking done.
I'm not doing this shit no more.
- You know where my wedding ring is. baby?
What'd you say?
- I'm fucking done.
I'm not doing this shit no more.
- Bitch please. you're done
when I say you're done.
This is me. come on.
you gonna give this up?
Are you serious?
You want to quit me?
You want to-
Listen. listen. listen.
listen you fucking whore.
Listen. shut up. you're fucking done
when I say you're done. all right?
Listen. who's gonna pay your
fucking bills for you. huh?
If you don't have me.
who's gonna pay for this
fucking ugly makeup?
And by the way. who
the fuck gave you that?
You bitch.
- Get off of me.
- Shut up.
Shut the fuck up.
I'm all you've got. you stupid skank.
What do you want to do. huh?
You want to quit the life and do what?
You gonna go to med school.
want to be a doctor?
Well you know what.
maybe you can volunteer in a church
with your fucking boyfriend.
that fucking faggot pimp.
(both yelling and grunting)
You know you are.
I don't even know what I'm doing with you.
I don't like you.
You don't even like yourself.
Look at this.
You gonna quit me?
Yeah. you want to quit me. don't you?
- No.
- Yeah you do.
- No. no. no.
- Fucking do it.
fucking do it.
(Celeste crying)
- What do you think the
difference is between you and I?
- You afraid to pull the trigger. I'm not.
- It's not that I'm afraid
to pull the trigger.
I just think before I react.
- Hey let me tell you something. Messiah.
That second you spend
thinking can be your last.
You see me. I think before every.
every decision I make
and I'm willing to deal
with the consequences.
- Oh. okay.
So what?
What does that make you. huh?
That makes your moves.
your decisions smart
or does it make you a loose cannon?
- It makes me a risk taker.
Somebody who's not afraid
to make sacrifices.
You see in this game of life. Messiah.
it's either kill or be killed.
But you wouldn't know nothing
about that shit. right?
- And that's okay for you. huh?
It's okay for you to
sacrifice your own man?
- Well. you know me.
I think it's better to sacrifice
my man's opponent first.
Check.
- You ain't never gonna understand.
It's a war out there. Khalid.
The streets ain't changing.
the world isn't changing.
Everything's getting worse.
You can't be out here
every day in these streets
planning and saying. but you know what.
always remember this. make
your next move your best move.
Checkmate.
- Wake up Messiah.
You know what. fuck it. you right.
it is a war out there.
And let me tell you something.
you cannot play both sides of the fence.
Either you shaking hands
or you slapping cheeks.
either it's peace or violence.
but you can't do both.
That's your problem.
it's always been your problem.
I just don't understand your ass. man.
I got one eye
I still see clearer than yo ass.
You see. chess. it doesn't
drive people insane
but it keeps insane
motherfuckers like me sane.
Checkmate.
(phone buzzing)
Yeah. talk to me.
What?
- They took my baby.
(mumbled yelling)
(dark sad music)
(sexy music)
♪ Got no love for a broke bitch ♪
♪ Got no love for ♪
♪ Got no love for him ♪
♪ Way back when ♪
♪ When I was fucking with my ex bitch ♪
- Get the fuck up.
Hurry up!
Fucking music off.
Who's his bottle?
Who?
- Her.
- Mother fucker. you mean to tell me
you've been putting your
hands on our sisters
and got this white bitch as your bottle?
Get your bitch ass up.
Get up nigger.
Mother fucker. get up. get your ass up.
Get the fuck up.
Get your mother fucking ass over here.
We gonna see how tough you are
in a second. mother fucker.
Shut up.
- Slap him.
- Keep your mother
fucking hands up. nigger.
- I said slap him.
(gunfire blasting)
(girls yelling)
This next one gonna be in
your mother fucking head.
slap him.
Slap him!
I'm not fucking playing with you.
I will kill you right
here where you stand.
You better slap him.
I'm not playing.
I said slap this motherfucker.
Slap him.
- I'm so sorry. baby.
- Sorry?
What the fuck you sorry for?
This punk motherfucker got
Celeste killed and you sorry?
- Bitch ass nigger.
- What. dead?
Celeste is dead?
- Yeah.
- Harder.
Harder.
Harder!
Sit your ass down.
(crying)
Sit down.
East Side Doc.
- Yes. sir?
- Touch this mother fucker.
- Let this shit be clear right here.
All that pimping and hoeing shit is out.
That shit ends right now.
If I catch any of y'all
walking down these motherfucking
streets. that's it.
I swear to God. man.
that'll be your last
time walking permanently.
This punk mother fucker degrading y'all
and treating y'all like shit
and edifying this white broad.
Pick his ass up. man.
(girls crying)
Shut up. motherfucker.
Who was the last person with Celeste?
(girls crying)
This motherfucking trap house is closed.
No trespassing.
(girls crying)
- So what's on your mind?
What's bothering you?
- You know me.
once I start thinking
I'm all over the place.
I don't know.
I guess I'm just.
I'm sick and tired
of how things are going in our community
and our neighborhoods.
I feel like our people.
we're going backwards
and we don't even see it.
Handout after handout. nothing's changed.
We had Obama. nothing changed.
I feel like when he was in office
that's when most of the
police killings happened.
I don't know. Mr. Williams.
I sit and I think and at least
five times out of my day.
I ask myself. what are we doing wrong?
- Waiting for a savior. son.
And while we're waiting.
the world keeps turning.
While we're waiting. hate keeps turning.
While we're waiting.
time is still turning.
- Still. I'm sick and I'm
tired of this. everything.
Praying and marching. for what. hmm?
It's not effective. you
and I both know that.
- Prayer is effective. but with action.
Now God didn't say pray
and then go sit somewhere.
You pray and then you
apply the action of belief.
the action of change.
And if you want change bad enough.
you go out there and get it yourself
because you know if you don't change.
nothing will ever change.
There'll be some speed bumps.
some road blocks along the
way. but proceed with caution.
- So back in your day.
what would you have done for change?
- Bloodshed.
(dramatic music)
(ominous music)
- Well if it isn't the
mighty Messiah. the savior.
I heard you was looking for me.
- Used to deal. Khalid.
- Shit. ain't much Key Wade.
I see business is booming though.
- Metro.
- What the fuck y'all want?
After y'all did with y'all did
to my orders from homeless people.
what the fuck you did to Dupree.
you got a lot of balls
coming down here. cuz.
- Let's just hope y'all get
up out of here with them.
- Okay. well let's cut
straight to it then.
We got a lot planned for the community.
And right now we're building
a rec center for the teams.
- Eh. that shit got to do with me?
- Exactly. that right there.
It has nothing to do with you
and we want to keep it that way.
No more drugs. prostitution.
no more hanging out.
no more graffiti. nothing.
Come on. Gears. you got to
meet us halfway on this one.
We want to keep this clean.
(laughs)
- Clean?
This mother fucker.
- Are we clear?
- No nigger. we ain't clear.
You know who the fuck you talking to?
- All right. so let's do
this shit right here. nigger.
What y'all niggers want to do. huh?
Fuck the talking.
And who the fuck we talking to?
You better put that shit away. Deandre.
He was the same nigger that was a blood
before you got on this niggers set.
So fuck it man. fuck the bullshit.
You punk motherfuckers make me sick.
Y'all so high and coked out. man.
y'all don't even recognize
who the real enemies are.
We come down here to tell y'all
to stop serving around the kids.
around our people. to our people.
you motherfuckers pull your guns out.
but let the cops kill somebody.
kill our own.
y'all motherfuckers ain't
nowhere to be found.
Where's all that tough guy shit then?
Punk mother fuckers.
Make me sick to my stomach. man.
They worse than the KKK.
Make me no never fucking mind.
Let me know when to do this shit. Messiah.
fuck the talking.
- Look big homie. what it's gonna be?
This is for the kids. Gears. the kids.
Don't they deserve that much?
Look. brother. we're stronger
together than we are apart.
You don't want change and it's fine.
Just go sell that shit in
Beverly Hills. Calabasas.
No. no. don't poison our streets.
No. not the same streets
that our mothers and our
fathers worked and worked
so hard for us.
Just think about it. Gears.
Think about it.
- Let me tell you something. Deandre.
next time you pull that motherfucker.
you better sure ass use it.
(rap music)
- What's up. gangsta?
- Ain't no gangsta around here. Toyo.
- You take care of that
shit I asked you to do?
- [Male] You got something for me?
- Absolutely.
- You don't have to
count it. it's all there.
Hey Beavis.
I need you to take care
of something else for me.
There's someone staying at
the Tresswood apartments
on 79th and Central. apartment six.
Same deal. we cool?
- Now what the fuck we gonna do
about the community activists?
- What about 'em? Who
gives a shit about them?
- Pretty soon we'll put a stop to them?
We all gonna be out of business.
- Fuck those guys. all
right. I'll take care of it.
- Yep. all right. so will I.
- Now get outta here.
- [Marcus] Yo Mr. M.
Yo Mr. M. can I holla at you for a second?
- Yeah. yeah.
What's going on. Marcus?
How you doing man?
- Somebody got shot
again in my neighborhood.
Somebody I went to middle school with.
I'm sick of this shit. man.
All we do is kill each other.
Why we can't be united
like the Latinos and the other races?
Why every day I walk to
school. I got to watch my back
or when a police car drives beside me
I'm scared for my life?
I'm tired.
We ain't got no solutions.
- Yes we do.
- And what's that?
I hope it ain't sports.
Kaepernick took that knee.
all the other athletes we look
up to. they ain't do nothing.
So I know that ain't the answer.
What's the solution?
- The solution is you.
- Me?
- Yes. Marcus. you.
- How?
I ain't got no-
- Stop right there.
Yes. you do.
You have all of the power.
And it's that same mentality
of not having power
that makes us feel like we don't.
Think about it. Marcus.
your voice is power.
Didn't you come to my
classroom the other day.
venting to me about what is power?
- Yeah.
- The power is in you and
nobody. and I mean nobody.
can take that from you.
Do you know that?
- Who cares about them celebrities.
the millionaires. them sellouts?
You don't have to worry about them.
Millionaire or not.
ballplayer. football player.
they don't control us.
They don't control what we want to do.
When you want change. you can make change.
You hear me?
As long as you have a goal.
as long as you see something
that nobody can take from you
it is your vision.
You just have to see it through.
- So you think I got a shot at this?
- I know you have a shot at this. Marcus.
(knocking)
- I'm looking for Messiah.
- That'll be me.
All right. Marcus. get home. all right?
I don't need your dad calling me.
(laughing)
- Hi. I don't mean to bother you.
but I heard I could find you
here from that reporter guy.
Thomas Sheldon.
Nevermind. I didn't mean to disturb you-
- No. no. you can sit right here.
What's going on?
What brings you here?
- Well. I think I know who killed Celeste.
- Anything you need from us.
Ms. Porter. you let us know.
- There's just so much shit going on.
And I don't even know what I'mma do
about the funeral arrangements.
- This should cover everything
far as the funeral arrangements.
A civil suit has been
filed against the LAPD
for their misconduct.
Justice will be served.
Now. when you get settled in-
- [Female] We need you outside
right now. it's Khalid.
Let's go!
- You like that?
- That's the best you got?
- Well no. I've got more.
You like that?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
- [Male] That's bullshit.
he ain't even do nothing.
Racist mother fucker.
- 400 years of captivity
and y'all still slugging like bitches.
- Oh yeah?
How 'bout this one. and
this one and this one?
I'm gonna fuck up that other eye of yours.
- Guess without that white hood on
you lost your superpowers. huh?
- Bet you if he was white.
you wouldn't do that stupid shit.
- Hey. the more he talks.
the worse it's getting.
- Fuck you. Tell this fucking
bitch to shut the fuck up.
- He gonna kill him.
You're killing him.
- You listen to me-
- [Male] Fuck you. you
black asshole. do something.
- [Male] Shut the fuck up.
- You like that. huh?
How'd you like to catch some hell
and hang your fucking black ass?
- One thing about hell.
you drive past that shit every day.
I live in it.
You avoid the dance with
the devil. I welcome it.
(laughing)
- You are one fucking crazy mother fucker.
Get the fuck over there.
- When I'm fucking through with you-
- What are you gonna do?
You ain't gonna do fucking shit. huh?
What are you gonna do?
You gonna fucking sue me?
For what?
For excessive force on
a resisting suspect?
Yeah. is that what you gonna do?
Good. go ahead. we'll go to court.
You might even when your
fucking bullshit lawsuit.
going to get a few
dollars. but guess what?
The motherfucking money's
coming right back to me
because they're gonna suspend me
and a suspension means I get full pay.
So please fucking sue me.
I need a fucking vacation.
- A bird only can fly in the sky so long.
Sooner or later he gotta come down
for food and water. mother fucker.
- What the fuck does that mean?
All you guys are all fucking crazy.
You now what. fuck it.
I'm gonna let him go.
This is bullshit.
All right tough guy.
here clean yourself up.
- Officer.
- He just won't quit. will he?
Yeah. what's up?
- Pick a card real quick.
- You serious?
All right.
- [Khalid] You see a card?
- Yeah. I see it.
You're gonna find it now for me?
- [Khalid] Is this your card?
- Uh. no it's not.
- Oops. (laughing)
Oh shit.
- You got some problems.
I like that guy.
- I want Cooper.
- Yeah. you and me both.
All right. I've been trying
to get the Cooper for years.
It's like trying to get to the president.
just forget it.
- He can be touched.
You and I both know that.
You've seen what happened to Jane.
- Yes. I'm not doubting it.
It's the consequences
that come if he's touched.
All right. he's tied in. he's too tied in.
He's tied in with the Rugazzi's.
the cartels. politicians.
All right. if Cooper goes down.
a lot of people lose protection and money
and you don't need that
kind of attention right now.
- Can you help or not?
- I'm doing my best.
- I don't need you to do your best.
I need that shit done.
You hear me?
- Messiah. listen to me.
Just (phone buzzing)
be patient when it comes to Cooper.
- Talk to me.
What?
All right. I'm on my way.
- What is it?
Hey. hey. hey. talk to
me. what's going on?
- There was a little girl.
She was just shot and murdered
in an apartment on Central.
- All right. what can I do?
- It's never gonna stop
until we make it stop.
- Get me Cooper.
- Is it done?
What'd I fucking tell you?
Get it done.
Get it fucking done. huh?
- Hey Mr. Cooper.
Well. you know. you've been
playing your music way too loud.
I think it's time you
bring it all the way down.
- Oh yeah. why's that?
- 'Cause it's bad for business.
And if it's bad for our
business. it's bad for you.
- Oh you guys are a fucking
joke. you know that?
I know for a fact that the Russians
kicked your asses out of New
York last year. all right?
So don't try any
of that fucking grease bowl
guinea shit with me. okay?
And I don't give a fuck what you spicks
or what you fucking guineas do
in New York. Vegas. Mexico.
wherever the fuck you come from.
and in LA I call the shots. capisch?
Now fuck off.
- How the fuck. you come
in here and disrespect me
in my fucking place.
I'll cut your fucking eyeballs out
and eat 'em like grapes.
you mother fucker.
Fuck him!
Turn me loose.
- Hold on. Mr. Rugazzi. I apologize.
No disrespect. it's a long day out there.
- Fucking sorry.
Do me a favor. okay. Cooper.
when you go out there be careful.
it's fucking dangerous. you hear me?
Do me another favor.
get the fuck outta here.
Get him out of here!
- A fucking little girl. Messiah.
Whoever did this shit has
to be dealt with tonight.
- He's right. Messiah.
This shit. this shit got to stop.
- She was seven years old.
Only fucking seven.
- We can't. we can't strike right now.
- Fuck that.
- What the fuck?
Fuck that.
- Then what do you suggest Khalid. huh?
Since you know every damn thing.
Reacting right now will
only draw heat to us.
Look. we have to be calm and strategic.
- Man. fuck all that.
You act like we cops trying
to blow our fucking cover.
This shit don't make
no motherfucking sense.
We're sitting here
and while we sitting here.
ain't shit getting done.
This whole Silva-Kahn.
Martin Luther King bullshit
is really starting to
get fucking played out
and I'm tired of it.
They don't understand peace. Messiah.
It's either kill or be killed.
I keep telling you that.
they only understand violence.
So what the fuck are you gonna do?
- See. this by all means
necessary attitude shit you have.
you know what it's gonna
do for you. Khalid?
- What?
- It's gonna get you killed.
And then what?
Hmm. then what?
- It's gonna make me a
dead motherfucking man
who fought for justice.
- No. you died a nigger who died
before his purpose was fulfilled.
You died an overreacting. emotional fool.
We have to be calm and strategic.
That's all I'm saying.
- Calm and strategic is your fucking job.
Retribution is mine. nigger.
(yells)
- You know they have a saying.
they say when going through obstacles
God gives the devil permission to test us.
Some people shouldn't be tested.
(crosstalk)
- Who you staring at. nigger?
Shit boy.
You know. you've always
paying too much attention.
Go get us another eight ball. nigger.
Tell him boss man sent you.
Don't watch me.
Watch your step.
- [Male] Every little step I take.
- Yeah. nigger.
(dramatic music)
(knocking)
(ominous music)
- It's late. man.
You looking for somebody or what?
(ominous music)
- [Male] Hey man. I tried to call you-
- [Male] Where the fuck
is she. mother fucker?
- [Male] Hey man.
I know you told me not to
come around here no more man
but two dudes killed her.
- What?
- [Male] There was a dude with long hair
and short hair. man I seen it.
- The fuck you talking about. nigger?
- [Male] Hey man. two
dudes killed her. man.
- [Male] They killed her. man.
- I'm sorry. man. it was
two dudes. man. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry man. they left a blue rose man.
- What?
- A blue rose. man.
- Get the fuck out.
(pounding)
Fuck!
- I'm guessing you're not
here to check on my health.
What is it. my time now?
- I need you to find somebody for me.
- Does Messiah know about this?
- Messiah ain't got shit to do with this.
this ain't Council business.
This is personal.
- All right. okay. I can help.
- And do you got access to
police files and records
and all that other shit?
- Yeah. I got a guy.
- Well I'mma need that too.
- Call him and tell
him what's gonna happen
and we'll meet on Thursday.
- I got a big problem.
And I came down here
to get your permission to take care of it.
- Messiah. you don't need my permission.
- With this one. I do.
- Is it business or personal?
- Both.
- Look Messiah. if I know
you like I think I know you.
you've got the situation
under full control.
but I would consider it a personal favor
if you would ask for my help
regarding this situation.
You just give me the word
and we'll take care of it.
- I need this favor. Papa Rugazzi.
This is the only way I
can make things right.
- Consider it done.
- Where the fuck we going now. Mickey?
- What do you think. Cooper?
Taking out some trash for Rugazzi.
- Oh fuck another one?
Jesus Christ. you Guinea assholes
kill more people than the United States.
- Hey. we just take it
out the fucking trash
like usual. you know?
- Who's this motherfucker?
- Mr. Rugazzi's cousin
from Vancouver. Parly.
- Yeah. I'm fucking Parly from Vancouver.
You got a fucking problem pig?
- Yeah. I do.
The last thing I need is
another fucking wise guy wannabe
in my town.
- The fuck. wise guy?
Who the fuck you calling
wise guy. mother fucker?
You're fucking-
- [Parly] Watch it. that's
my fucking shoulder.
- [Marco] Shut the fuck up. Parly.
- [Parly] Holy shit. Marco. watch it.
Mickey. Mickey.
- Give me the fucking gun.
I got shit to do.
- Mickey. Mickey. fuck!
- Shut up.
- You know what?
I'm gonna kill this fucking-
- [Parly] Mickey. Mickey.
- Shut up.
- What the fuck is this?
What this. a thank you card?
(gunfire blasting)
I'm sorry. you mother fucker.
- Remember me?
- What the fuck?
- You can't avoid this dance
with the devil. mother fucker.
(gunfire blasting)
- Alright. y'all get the body. okay.
we'll take care of the rest.
- Mr. Rugazzi said that-
- Look. I don't give a fuck
what Mr. Rugazzi said. okay?
Both of you get the fuck up out of here.
- All right. tough guy. it's your funeral.
Let's get out of here. Marco.
- Jesus Christ. this can't be real.
Who would do something like this?
- Someone who's trying
to send us a message.
- Exactly what I said.
Bums didn't see nothing.
trail riders didn't see nothing.
almost as if it was done execution style.
as if it was deserved.
- What are you implying detective?
- Whoever did this made it
personal. real personal.
And this was done only about
20 yards away from where
Tyler Williams was killed.
- Tyler Williams?
- Yeah that piece of shit
that killed that little girl
and put her mother in a coma.
His street name is Devious.
- Dead detective being shot up and hung
in the wake of all this.
it's not a good look.
- Exactly.
And whatever was done behind closed doors.
well. they got to Cooper before we did.
- Collect the knife and the card
and put it in your evidence bag.
- I wonder why the card?
What was the meaning to it?
- It means something is on the way
that we need to be prepared for.
- Come on Messiah. pick up.
Oh shit. come on. pick up.
God damn it. Messiah. pick up.
Fuck.
Messiah!
Messiah. are you here?
Messiah. yo!
Messiah!
- [Lucren] Everything all right?
- Lucren. yeah. yeah
everything's fine. man.
Messiah's not around. is he?
- He stepped out.
Can I take a message for you?
- No. no. don't worry about it.
He had me look in to something for him
and it turned out to be a
dead end so no big deal.
You don't mind if I smoke. do you?
- Go right ahead.
- You now what. I left my
matchbook book at home so.
- Just a coincidence. I got one.
- Thank you.
You don't mind if I wait
around for him. do you?
- Not at all.
You see any of the work
we've done with the kids?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah I have.
It's some really great work
that you guys are doing
for your community.
You should be be proud of yourself.
- Yeah it's revolutionary stuff.
The kids have never had
so many black super heroes
to look up to.
(cocks gun)
(jazz music)
- Song sound familiar. huh?
I been waiting on this
all my life. all my life.
Thought you would have been dead right now
but just to my prayers.
your ass still alive.
Remember me. huh. mother fucker?
Hey. what y'all doing to my sister?
- Didn't we send you to the store?
- What y'all doing?
(grunting)
Let me go.
- [Male] Hold his ass down. man.
Didn't I tell you about
watching your eyes.
huh pretty Tony?
Didn't I tell you?
You want to pay attention to so much. huh.
nigger. pay attention to this.
Don't watch me. watch your eyes.
Don't watch me. watch your step.
Watch your eyes. watch
your eyes. watch your eyes.
You see this shit. huh?
No?
This for Haley. motherfucker.
(gunfire blasting)
- Let's get out of here. Tony.
- No I think I'mma stay.
- You sure?
(dog barking)
(liquid sloshing)
- Hey boss. man.
go to hell. get me a eight ball.
tell him pretty Tony
sent you mother fucker.
(jazz music)
- Papa Rugazzi.
- Listen Messiah. we have a
serious issue on our hands.
Because I love you like a son
and respect you like a man.
I'm gonna give you the
opportunity of fixing this.
But if you can't get it
done. I will get it done.
- What's the problem?
Kidnapping old men and burning them alive.
that's the fucking problem.
It's drawing too much attention.
And we talked about attention.
He's out of control.
He's too fucking loud.
And he needs to be silenced.
Plus. he murdered my best guy.
You know that gang member
that killed that little
seven year old girl?
- Y'all know who y'all fucking with?
Papa Rugazzi.
Nigger. I got cops on the payroll.
Y'all niggers tripping over (mumbles)?
Nigger. (mumbles).
(gunfire blasting)
- I got a bullet for every one.
One of our own.
He wasn't one of ours. he was theirs.
- What about his body?
- Let the flies have him.
- Are you gonna have any
difficulty solving this problem?
- It's done.
- One more thing.
you know that Council Robin
Hood bullshit you got going on?
Let's terminate it.
It's scaring business.
And what's bad for business
is bad for the economy.
I want you to know that.
I want you to understand that.
- Of course I do.
It's always business. never personal.
So I take it this is our last meeting?
- Yeah. yes it is.
Hey Messiah. it's dangerous out there.
be careful. my son.
- You too. Papa Rugazzi.
- So he didn't have the
balls to come do it himself.
He could have sent East Side
Doc to come do that shit.
- [Mike] You know East Side Doc
couldn't do nothing like this.
He got too much respect for you.
So you heard?
- Yeah I heard. Mike.
You know. just cause I
can't see out of one eye
don't mean I don't see shit coming.
So let me ask you something though.
who ordered the hit on me. man?
- [Mike] Rugazzi.
(laughing)
- Messiah. Messiah. Messiah. man.
You know they got this saying. man.
that people aren't loyal
till they're needing you
and once their needs change.
so does their loyalty.
But I got to give it to you Mike though.
for having a heart to come do this shit.
So sure you don't want to pick a card.
one last time for old
time's sake. man. just one?
- [Mike] Not this time.
- Well. let's get on with it.
(gunfire blasting)
- Yeah. it's done.
All right.
Let's get the fuck outta here.
- [Lucren] Is everything all right?
- Yeah. yeah. everything's all right.
- I wanted to talk to you
real brief about something.
- What you want to talk about?
- Look Messiah. I know
you and the brothers
got something major y'all
doing and I want in.
All right. I know y'all are
out cleaning up the streets
and I want to help.
I want to be a part of the Council.
- The Council?
(laughing)
Brother. I don't know
what you're talking about.
but look. I do need you
to do to me a big favor.
- Anything.
- Tomorrow. meet with Caira in the a.m.
and makes sure you deposit
those funds from a fundraiser
into the community account.
- That's all?
- Yeah. that's all.
- Alright man. if you need
anything else. just let me know.
All right?
- Okay. I will. trust me.
You've been a great help. man.
like I really appreciate you.
Thanks for everything.
- [Lucren] If you're sure
it's all I can do. brother.
See you soon.
(ominous music)
- Messiah. it's Sheldon.
Look. call me back as
soon as you get this.
It's about Lucren.
He's not who you thought he was.
Lucren. AKA the Blue Rose Assassin
is working with Cooper and Rugazzi.
Look. just call me back when you get this.
I'm headed down to the community center.
Messiah. watch your back.
(ominous music)
- [Eastside Doc] Hey Rugazzi.
(gunfire blasting)
(dramatic music)
(people yelling)
That's for Pretty Tony. mother fucker.
(jazz music)
(phone buzzing)
- Consider it a done deal. Council.
- Okay.
So did you find out the
whereabouts of Caira?
- Nah. I went to her apartment
and the landlord said
they haven't seen her.
I looked around and all I found was this.
So what's next?
- We wait.
- And when they come?
- We'll be waiting on them.
(hip hop music)
♪ Shit ♪
♪ You know man ♪
♪ You know it's a struggle
out here on these streets ♪
♪ Trying to make it day in and day out ♪
♪ Damn ♪
♪ You know ain't nobody
doing nothing about nothing ♪
♪ Aint nobody helping ♪
♪ No police aint doing shit ♪
♪ So I guess we gotta do something ♪
♪ Yeah with a lot of shit ♪
♪ Going on in these streets at night ♪
♪ That's why the blinky on my the side ♪
♪ Got to keep that tight ♪
♪ That's why the night vision ♪
♪ Got to keep that sight ♪
♪ Police aint doing shit ♪
♪ I got to make that right ♪
♪ That's why I formed the Council ♪
♪ With just a couple niggers ♪
♪ Taking matter in our own hands ♪
♪ That people can reach out to ♪
♪ They're looking for change ♪
♪ I tell 'em we're the reason ♪
♪ 'Cause we're tired of looking
mothers in their faces ♪
♪ While they're grieving ♪
♪ And seeing is believing ♪ ♪
So we got to make it right ♪
♪ So some people they do wrong ♪
♪ But I'm thinking that we right ♪
♪ Sometimes you got to throw the mask on ♪
♪ And gotta fight ♪
♪ Growing closer to the edge ♪
♪ Like I'm walking on a tight rope ♪
♪ They had the ropes around their necks ♪
♪ And my hands tied ♪
♪ You see the passion when
you look into a man's eyes ♪
♪ And I got tired sitting
on the side on standby ♪
♪ Hurting when I couldn't do nothing ♪
♪ And then my man's died ♪
♪ So I put the community on my back ♪
♪ And I came up with a plan
for protection and serving ♪
♪ The preacher still bringing ♪
♪ We gotta stop living to die ♪
♪ While the cops is
killing us everyday. huh ♪
♪ And we settle for chump
change to gain a buck ♪
♪ We worship money over christ ♪
♪ Fuck faith. huh ♪
♪ This shit is lame. huh ♪
♪ We brainwashed and turnt up ♪
♪ They keep us dumbed down ♪
♪ So we never change up ♪
♪ Our brain fucked up ♪
♪ Mentality is action ♪
♪ Spaced out like
Guardians of the Galaxy ♪
♪ We trade integrity for
the price of sanity ♪
♪ I'd rather try to make
change and they laugh at me ♪
♪ Uncle Tom and Sam in
that same boat. nigger ♪
♪ Lambo nigger ♪
♪ Reality TV for the hame. ho nigger ♪
♪ Serving out your own kind ♪
♪ Nigger for some prime time ♪
♪ A nigger sell his whole soul ♪
♪ For a little shine time ♪
♪ We ain't the same ♪
♪ These niggers is lame playing the game ♪
♪ I guess they want you to
say ♪ ♪ Shit you can't say ♪
♪ Shh. be quite. stay
out of master's way ♪
♪ We gonna fit in ♪
♪ And settle for what we're paid ♪
♪ We's not no slave ♪
♪ And that is okay ♪
♪ Okay. okay. fuck the reparation ♪
♪ Fuck police brutality ♪
♪ Fuck the segregation ♪
♪ Fuck the show Roots and
Birth of a New Nation ♪
♪ All is forgiven for what
this country gave us ♪
♪ Fuck that ♪
♪ I'm not turning with combat ♪
♪ You can't even imagine
what we taking back ♪
♪ You either falling in
line or you falling flat ♪
♪ The revolution is here ♪
♪ It's time to strike back ♪
♪ Fuck your aunt. play with your faith ♪
♪ Don't measure me on
another level energy ♪
♪ It's on that frequency ♪
♪ Oh my God. pray on me ♪
♪ But you ain't seeing
me unless you got faith ♪
♪ Even then you can't get rid of me ♪
♪ Lord. have mercy for the wicked ♪
♪ Kick it ♪
♪ You listen to five ♪
♪ But yet you still don't hear it ♪
♪ Death to the blind but food
for thought for redemption ♪
♪ I move by the soul that's
led by the holy spirit ♪
♪ I hate that our women is
all good being bitches ♪
♪ Policing their vanity just
to pose for the wicked ♪
♪ Cheating their bodies to
fit in for the witness ♪
♪ Who copy our style and use
tokens for the business ♪
♪ Damn. reparation for the gays ♪
♪ But y'all don't owe us ♪
♪ We went to school named
after slave owners ♪
♪ With no respect because
they feel they own us ♪
♪ They plot and plan while
social media control us ♪
♪ I can lead you to the water
♪ ♪ Want to have a sip ♪
♪ It's gonna hurt when you swallow ♪
♪ It's pure shit ♪
♪ So take advantage of the
knowledge while they slip ♪
♪ Uncle Tom's catching
on and snitching quick ♪
♪ Translating everything they don't get ♪
♪ The wrath of God
coming soon to end shit ♪
♪ So on that note before I go ♪
♪ I'mma say this ♪
♪ Get right or get left
before the shit hit ♪
♪ Before the shit hit ♪
♪ Get right or get left
before the shit hit ♪
♪ Sit down. don't even get up
♪ ♪ Our shit is fucked up ♪
♪ Sit down. don't even get up ♪
♪ You lit and turnt up ♪
♪ Our shit is fucked up ♪
♪ Sit down. don't even get up ♪
- [Female] So this is home. huh?
- [Lucren] Home is where the heart is.
And we'll be back home soon enough.
Just got to pick up some
people along the way.
- What people?
- Just relax and enjoy
the vacation. my love.
Mmm. I got some information on your file
like you asked me too.
Turns out he was a big time
dope dealer in the trenches.
Man was boss man.
- You're the best. babe.
- Not yet. baby. not yet.
- Here you go sir.
- [Male] Thank you. thank you.
- Oh. you're heading out of the city?
- [Male] You know what. I was. I was but
I think I'mma stay.
I kind of got some unfinished
business to take care of.
- I'll get you some water.
- [Male] What was your name?
- Cheryl.
- [Male] Thank you. Cheryl.
I'll take some coffee.
- You got it.
(ominous music)
(gentle music)
(film scroll reeling)
- [Male] We don't do
trends. we trend setters.